docs: Improving docs and reusing file (#132)
unoplatform/workshops: simple-calc/modules/Resources/MVUX/Wizard.md

---
uid: Workshop.SimpleCalc.MVUX.FirstProject.UnoWizard
---
Then, select "3. Presentation" and choose the **MVUX** pattern.

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="../../../art/Dark/Wizard/4.Presentation-MVUX.png">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="../../../art/Light//Wizard/4.Presentation-MVUX.png">
  <img alt="Uno Platform App template" src="../../../art/Light/Wizard/4.Presentation-MVUX.png">
</picture>

> > To know more about MVUX follow the [MVUX Overview](https://platform.uno/docs/articles/external/uno.extensions/doc/Overview/Reactive/overview.html) docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To know more about MVUX follow the [MVUX Overview](https://aka.platform.uno/mvux) docs.
```
Please let's use proper aka links instead ;)
